Welcome to Slash Forward.
Hey, what would you do if someone tried to
gather up your body for their personal collection?
On the one hand it’s nice to feel wanted,
but on the other hand it’s nice (totally
boss) to have personal autonomy.
In consideration of this quandary, today we’ll
be looking at The Collection, the follow up
to The Collector, and taking a detailed view
of the storyline and possible strategies for
beating this sick freak.
Along the way, be sure to drop a comment to
identify any openings you feel would be ideal
to facilitate parting ways with your new master.
Let’s get to it.
We open on a young lady named Elena, getting
a pep talk from Shooter McGavin, who makes
promises he is unable to keep.
Then, from expositional news stories, we learn
that ya boi’s been on a bit of a murder
spree about town.
There is an active manhunt to find any potential
captive victims, with Arkin being the most
recent.
Concurrent to this timeline we meet back up
with a now-grown Elena, picking up a voice
call on her blackberry.
It’s her boo, Brian, cancelling their plans
for the evening due to an overwhelming work
schedule.
Which is fine, because Missy shows up unannounced,
dressed for an evening of debauchery.
On her way out, we see that Mr. Peters is
still there, hey good for him - and soon Elle
is hopping into the car, causing Josh to tent
his trousers.
They find an unusual man in an alley and,
upon stating the password, a world of dubstep
and house music opens itself to them.
The trio finds themselves immediately at home
amongst their fellow club rats, as they lose
themselves in a sea of gyrating flesh.
Their bliss is interrupted, however, when
Elle runs across bitchboy Brian, unrepentantly
making out with some rando.
She ends their relationship and storms off
as a familiar figure watches from the catwalk.
Elena eventually finds an empty room in which
she may cry out her troubles.
Except it’s not empty, it contains a large,
red box.
Upon opening it, Arkin bursts out and drags
her down to avoid a spear, which we follow
backwards through a CGI joyride that eventually
winds up a steam-powered combine harvester
that threatens to harvest the clubsters, aaannnnd
then does just that.
Back at the start, Arkin’s aggressive requests
for help fail to endear him to Elena.
She then runs out in the confusion and finds
her fellow dancemates getting machete hacked
in the gunt.
Arkin uses a repurposed earring to employ
his lockpicking magic while Elle runs away
and turns a corner just in time to find Missy
caught up in a cattle call wherein she is
about to get slowly pressed by the collector,
which is kind of mean.
After their precious nutrients are extruded,
Elle makes it back to find Arkin busy escaping,
despite his prior relationship with windows.
He graces her with some feeble advice before
doing so himself.
But instead she gets boxed up as the collector
gazes wistfully at his lost prize - and then
they concurrently run and drive off.
We find Arkin in the ER, being examined and
patched up.
Although, the work is briefly interrupted
by the police who want to ensure he doesn’t
go running off somewhere.
They must not have told them about his injuries.
When he wakes up, Lisa’s there.
She’s decided to stay, and murder has brought
them back together!
But they’re also accompanied by an anonymous
gift with a message threatening their safety,
so Arkin sends her off.
That evening he is visited by Lucello, a man
under the employ of Mr. Peters.
He’s seeking information about the collector
and has assembled a team with the intent to
track and kill the killer while retrieving
Elena.
Concerned for the general safety of his own
family, Arkin is more than willing to help
lead them there.
After calling to share the good news, we flashback
to learn that Lucello has also always been
there.
Then Elena wakes up in her box, which is likely
fairly ripe at this point, but it does have
a ventilation hole that’s good for peepin.
Through this, she sees a man receiving an
unspecified and unsolicited surgical intervention,
with end results that are kind of bitchin.
Meanwhile, back at the briefing room, the
rules are set - Arkin will help them locate,
but will not go into the building.
Starting from the abduction point, they will
follow the pacing and directions indicated
by his lacerations until they reach the end
of the road.
This terminates at a spooky, abandoned hotel,
which is promising, and Arkin is convinced
to show them the way in.
As they approach the door and Arkin plies
his trade, Elle uses her brasserie to fishhook
the latch on her box.
Luckily, it was the only one that was closed
as upon yanking hard, the box then immediately
opens.
She finds herself in a laboratory of sorts,
and is prevented from leaving by the master’s
return.
When he sees the box open, he knows what’s
up and plays a little spidery game to flush
out his prey.
We learn that spiders sure do love crawling
on peoples’ faces - at the breaking point
Elle is saved when Arkin cracks the front
door, setting off an alarm.
As we catch up with the team we then discover
that Arkin is now getting the hard sell to
help them navigate the interior.
Do they know that he had been inside a box?
Elle still finds herself locked in the room.
However, by using a scalpel she’s able to
pop open a grate.
And, despite the uncomfortable quantity of
blood, she ventures in.
Elsewhere, the gang finds themselves in the
bug-zapper/needle room, so they’ve barely
made progress.
Lin gets himself chopped up at the front door
and, while distracted, they’re ambushed
by a strung out tweaker.
The collector keeps them around to do his
bidding.
But before they can make a plan for dealing
with this, they’re descended upon by the
rest of the group and just barely manage to
shoot their way to a safe little alcove where
they can lock down and assess the situation,
which is bad.
Elle emerges into a princess makeup room occupied
by a box lady who she lets out.
Abby seems normal-ish, but they have to work
through some trust issues.
Elena’s pretty keen on continuing toward
the exit so, despite Abby’s apprehensions,
she’s able to goad her out the door.
Meanwhile the team comes into a clearing where
another victim staggers out with a neck bound
payload that goes off, followed by several
murderous stalactites that run Dre through
in a vertical orientation.
This gives Arkin the chance to skedaddle down
a nail adorned crevice and into an office
with poor lighting where he manages to narrowly
avoid recollection.
At the same time, Abby is showing Elle the
ropes, distinguishing undesirable rooms guarded
by tripwire and being generally supportive
and engaging - until Elle’s earpiece puts
off some nasty feedback, drawing attention
to her imperfection.
Abs becomes convinced this disadvantage will
guarantee their failure, uh, ableist much?
And her cries summon the collector who pursues
Elle down the dark hallways.
He eventually loses her amidst the ceiling
plumbing before becoming distracted by the
sound of Arkin crankin on some knobs nearby.
He demonstrates he’s learned nothing as
he how-dos a knife blade and then narrowly
avoids another trap.
Despite these travails, he eventually finds
himself in a much more calm and professional
environment.
As Elle continues on, she eventually comes
to a hallway in which she jiggles her earpiece
right onto one of a series of bear traps.
She manages to retrieve it and, despite the
hair trigger on this sucker, she proceeds.
When we catch back up with Arkin, he has now
proceeded further into what appears to be
a sort of viewing room that reveals the collector
not only acquires, but also creates works
of great beauty and sophistication.
Here he runs across a young lady pinned to
a wall.
But before he can take any action the collector
returns, looking to cross her off his to-do
list for the day before getting back to the
hunt.
Arkin then snags himself a pin so he can have
unlimited access to locked doors.
Elsewhere, Elle finds a Funhouse-style fan
hole through which she attempts to call out
to a couple of gentlemen keeping warm, but
to no avail.
As Arkin proceeds carefully, he is eventually
reunited with his old buddies who he had obviously
been looking for.
But there’s only one, true abductor in this
house, and he’s going fishing.
He’s also stepped up his kung fu training
since they last met as, with a simple flick
of the wrist, he manages to kill Wally and
send Paz screaming down a hallway past a door
that locks behind her.
Arkin tries to take this opportunity to convince
Lucello that it’s time to find a pathway
out.
But he refuses to leave Elle behind, and then
Abby stumbles in providing hope that they
have a means by which they can locate Elle.
Unfortunately, along the way, they’re distracted
by Paz’s screams and are compelled to move
toward the sound.
Lucello proceeds slowly down a haunted hallway
and, at the end, discovers he was tricked.
Elena had similarly been pursuing the screams
and was actually the one on the right track.
Arkin then follows Abby’s gaze, only too
late, to the cord wired to a series of detonators
that go off in reverse order - allowing Lucello
to run down the hall just ahead of a sequence
of glitter bombs going off around him, like
an absolute badass.
They’re then able to dip into an adjacent
room to meet up with Elle just as she’s
removing Paz’s razor net.
Here they all take a minute to just vibe out,
until Abby’s presence ruins it.
Elena then leads them to a possible way out,
and Arkin goes for the hail mary.
He puts a slug into the man, attracting quick
attention, which he then reinvigorates in
their general direction with the final bullet.
Desiring to maintain the cozy homebase he
spent so long working on, the collector straps
up and readies himself.
With the end in sight, Abby now demonstrates
her true Stockholmian allegiance.
Paz cold-cocks her, resulting in an outcome
that far exceeds expectations.
Then the collector busts in and starts spraying
indiscriminately until he’s empty.
In the aftermath, angered by the fate of his
most precious, he claims a consolation prize
and darts off.
Lucello finds himself on the brink of being
snapped up, and right when time is of the
essence.
So he sends them off and fends for himself.
As the SWAT team rolls in, the survivors try
to prevent one last art installment, but soon
find themselves ensnared and staring into
the eyes of a stone-cold killer (bitch).
Arkin reverts back to his old tricks and tries
to rile him up so he makes a mistake, but
the collector is in total control here and
he casually prepares to eliminate the evidence
of his misdeeds.
Laying down some flammable liquids and stoking
up a fire.
In the cage, they try to reach the latch,
but can’t quite get to it.
So, Arkin sets himself up and kindly requests
Elle provide him a second elbow.
He then uses this like a drillbit extender,
achieving an unnatural angle that allows him
to flip the latch.
Paz quickly resets his arm, a huge help, and
then they run.
They arrive at the specimen room where the
collector unceremoniously stabs Paz, and then
Arkin gets his shit rocked.
At just that moment, Lucello shows up and
some classic knife play ensues.
They do what they must, but you can really
tell they’ve formed a mutual respect.
Even so, Lucello gets it.
Arkin sees an opening and tops him.
But he fails to control the knife hand, and
takes a blade through both cheeks.
Elle sees that they’re very close to a way
out and alerts emergency personnel to their
presence while Arkin goes beast mode, taking
in some intense, sustained eye contact before
dumping his foe into the bin and sending him
a little flame that results in the collector’s
death and the deaths of all the innocent victims
down there with him.
As the firemen work to disassemble the doorway,
Arkin’s escape is blocked.
At the end of his rope, he goes ahead and
gives in as the flames comfortingly lick at
him like little incendiary tongues.
But then Elle steps up to achieve her redemption
and starts busting open the large jars surrounding
them that are, thankfully, not full of formaldehyde.
Once they make it outside, they get all patched
up and reunited, and Arkin goes to do his
own accounting of the bodies.
He finds a box with a smoking mask, but no
evidence of its owner.
We then flash forward sometime later to a
well-kept home.
A man arrives and turns on the news, but a
sudden station change alerts him to a presence.
He proceeds cautiously until Arkin reveals
himself.
He’s been stalking the 14 licensed entomologists
who live within a 200 mile radius when he
came upon him - a museum owner’s son driven
insane at a young age by the bug madness.
Vowing to make sure he feels what his victims
felt, Arkin then entraps him forcefully in
a box.
That was a solid follow up.
Unfortunately, despite going into pre-production,
the third installment has been officially
killed, meaning we won’t get to see Arkin
take his revenge.
Although, that also means that the lessons
learned here should be sufficient to ensure
your full survival in the event of a collector-like
abduction.
So, let’s work through the scenarios presented
to see how we could maximize survivability.
Starting with the club scene, there are a
few general rules and expectations here that
will be of service to us throughout life.
It’s not clear how this set up came to be.
Did the collector retrofit this rave site
in preparation for the weekend’s festivities,
or is it a purpose-built location he set up
and then promoted so as to draw in his victim
pool?
Did he hire this guy to work the door, for
instance?
Both possibilities are hard to fathom.
But either way, this is not a scenario you
go into with the expectation of danger, which
is why it’s so important to abide by a praxis
of generally applicable rules.
To start, you have to train your mind and
body to get high on life.
Feel the music and become energized by the
pulsing, sweaty mass of humanity around you.
Because if you come here looking to get trashed
on some low-grade club drugs, you’re pretty
much done before you start.
It’s hard to pick out specific details in
these kinds of settings, so any inhibition
to this will essentially ensure you come out
of the scenario dead.
Using this as a foundation, there are two
simple rules to employ.
The first is to always be taking in your surroundings.
As you walk through unfamiliar territory you
should never be looking in a single direction
for more than a few seconds before glancing
around in several other directions to ensure
you know what’s going on around you.
As you’re talking to a lady, glance over
each of her shoulders so you’re aware of
what’s downfield.
Whilst engaged in grinding on a man’s crotch,
make sure you look up and around to keep tabs
on any exit points.
The other rule is integral to avoid unwelcome
surprises, and it is that you should always
expect a ceiling thresher.
It’s the only way to fully protect yourself
from ceiling threshers.
When it inevitably happens, you will have
to make sure you consider what’s best for
you while assessing the crowd’s inclinations.
For instance, this crowd had a tendency to
run to the back of the room, when it is clear
that laying low optimized success.
Not saying you can’t bring a couple of your
neighbors down with you, I’m just saying
to not be afraid to go your own way.
From there, if you’re in a relatively safe
spot, what do we do?
Avoid unnecessary action.
If there appears to be a way out, but it’s
been established that the main hazard are
surprise traps, treat your advance like a
cliff-diving excursion: always let someone
else go first to test the depth.
Once in the hall, take another moment to assess
your surroundings and don’t be greedy about
running.
The traps have been sprung, you’re momentarily
safe.
Excessive action has been punished so don’t
feel compelled to keep moving.
The window did represent an excellent point
of escape, although Arkin went about it in
the wrong way.
Sure, you will want to break the glass before
going through in order to avoid any life-threatening
lacerations.
However, if you find yourself using a cadaver
to do so, I’m not sure you’re best served
by riding that poor bastard all the way to
the bottom.
Sure, people are basically water-filled meat
sacks, but they're not the equivalent of a
waterbed.
They’re more like a waterbed that contains
a random assortment of antlers.
If you land wrong, you risk significant injury.
Do the window, then tuck and roll if possible.
If not, try to remain flat and land on your
side, the ideal position for surviving a terrible
fall.
The next scenario is the lab when Elena escapes
her box.
There was limited time to explore here before
her captor returned, but there were a lot
of tools available that could do quick damage
- as demonstrated by her acquiring the scalpel
after he left her again.
Now, the collector is a formidable foe, and
it’s unlikely that she would have been able
to handle him one on one.
However, she had the element of surprise working
in her favor.
The key is to accept the fact that this scenario
clearly indicates your captor intends to kill
you rather than hold you for ransom, and so
you will have to respond with intent to kill.
She ended up not having to do this, but only
by sheer luck.
This represents a failure of character on
her part, I’m sorry to say.
The next sequence of calamities that befall
the extraction team really just comes down
to following common rules, as stated in previous
videos and accentuated in this one as well.
They tunnel hard, taking ceiling spikes through
the torso.
You have to take note of your surroundings.
From there Arkin puts himself into a scenario
where, if something were to happen, he would
have no escape.
He lucks through this and transitions to absent-mindedly
taking unnecessary damage by shaking hands
with a knife blade before nearly ending his
journey after tripping a trap.
He of anyone should know that use of the hands
is of vital importance, you can’t give that
up so easily.
Which is too bad, because these little, individual
traps are basically throwaways.
They’re very easy to see, and likely are
intended to repel people from areas the collector
intends them not to go, which seems to imply
that is exactly where they want to be.
For instance, the narrow hallway with the
bear traps.
Surely that’s not just the normal state
of affairs that the collector navigates through
on a regular basis, especially considering
their sensitivity.
It is unusual that the earpiece falling on
them does not instigate the trap, but removing
it does.
Regardless, this represents a choice about
whether to risk injury or alert.
She could basically spit on them to make them
go off, allowing her to proceed more safely.
However, in so doing, she may alert her enemies
to her presence.
This is a 50/50 scenario, and there’s not
really a wrong way to go about it as long
as you manage to get to whatever it is you’re
being kept from.
Next we circle back with Arkin, who is capable
of using any random straight object he can
find to pick any lock that exists.
This speaks to the importance of being a student
of life with a thirst for knowledge who always
seeks to expand on your skillset.
Which is a perfect segue toward bringing up
today’s sponsor, skillshare... but not really.
The next point where we find some clear opportunities
is when Lucello goes to investigate the screams.
Abby has been acting unusual for a while,
and warranted a closer eye.
Now Arkin follows her gaze to the cord, which
causes him to let out a warning yelp, but
he doesn’t do more than that.
This is a scenario that favors definitive
action.
He should have let out a warning immediately,
but also could have made some attempt to pull
or disconnect the wire in the hope that it
would have some material benefit for Lucello.
After this, there is clearly no reason to
trust Abby any further.
Her fear that the collector is going to win
and then punish her severely has tainted her
entire thought process.
In the case of the bombs, she proactively
looked in their direction with some familiarity.
It’s clear that she is not fully on their
side.
However, I’m not sure doing anything up
front would have made a huge difference.
She locked them into a room, but it was the
room Elena led them to.
While there, she did them the service of taking
out an errant trap.
If they had left, they would have ran straight
into the collector, who was coming down the
hall with a gun and some dogs anyway.
So, closer supervision due to her body language
and generally high level of agitation would
be recommended, but had no real impact on
the outcome in this particular circumstance.
Things get a little muddy from here - I thought
the nails were just to hurt you a little and
punish a misstep, but Lucello is afraid to
move, acting like the nails are meant to trip
the trap hanging above him.
It’s also not clear how he was able to avoid
a fatal outcome by, apparently, holding up
a dog carcass?
I don’t know what’s going on here.
From there we return full circle.
I know it’s hard when the finish line is
in sight, but in matters of life or death,
you must always be operating at 100%.
If the gang had seen Elena, cried out in joy,
but then also assumed a ceiling thresher,
they would have seen the gigantic cage dangling
above them and been able to avoid this trap
completely.
It really only represents a minor annoyance
both from outside and from inside.
If you watch how easily the latch slides,
you’ll quickly realize they likely could
have shaken it loose from the inside.
Or, if they had someone on the outside, just
easily pull it open.
At this point, both you and the collector
have reached the end of the road, and there
is nothing more that can be done to pull you
through other than to rely on your grit and
force of will.
But it’s been a journey, so have some fun
with it.
As a man who clearly appreciates creativity,
I’m sure if you utilized the resources around
you to come up with a novel means of administering
pain and punishment, he would become distracted
or even possibly giddy about the opportunity
to take part in your new venture.
Before we go, I’d like to give a huge thanks
to my donors, memorialized in the hall of
headshots.
I have a website set up where you can support
the channel through donations or merch.
Any donation unlocks uncensored movie reviews
of Lifeforce and Under the Skin, with others
to be added over time.
If you enjoyed the video, I’d love for you
to become a part of the channel by subscribing.
Thanks for watching.